Link to Getting Started Guide from Landing Page (#24203)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/_index.md

For setups that require more customization, Datadog supports custom instrumentation with Datadog tracing libraries. To learn more, read [Application Instrumentation][2].

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you're new to Datadog APM, read <a href="https://google.com">Getting Started with APM</a> to learn how to send your first trace to Datadog.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you're new to Datadog APM, read <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/tracing/">Getting Started with APM</a> to learn how to send your first trace to Datadog.</div>
```

Author: Whoops, my brain must have been tired yesterday!

[26]: /tracing/services/service_page/
[27]: /tracing/trace_collection/single-step-apm/
[28]: /tracing/services/resource_page/

> [29]: /getting_started/tracing/

Reviewer: I don't think this is being used now, if you'd like to remove it?
